Now when a variable is created on the stack or when a function is called,
the stack pointer has moved downwards which means it expands.
When a function returns and the variable goes out of scope,
the stack contracts again.
In this experiment we will create some variables on the stack and also call a function.
The idea is to look at the respective addresses and see if we can really
witness the expansion and contraction of the stack. Here we go.
Before we go into the example,
let's have a quick look at the function here.
We have the main function inside the main function there is a variable i an integer
and there's a j and integer l which are created here and getting assigned some values.
In between j and l,
we have a call to a function called myfunc.
This one is to be found up here.
Inside myfunc, we also have an integer which is allocated on the stack which gets
assigned the value three and with all variables which are allocated here,
we are printing the respective address on the stack to the console
together with the value which is assigned to the variable itself so it's going to be one,
two, three and four.
When we execute the program which we will do now,
we can see that we are getting a whole bunch of addresses and these are
the addresses where the variables are
stored on the stack and now let's get back into the example.